Shared Expenses Tracking System
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Use case      : Register a shared expense 
User intent   : A user wants to register a shared expense in order to track how
                money is shared between people.
Preconditions : There's more than one user registered in the system.

1. A user (registrar, clerk, recorder) wants to register a shared expense.
   -   The system provides a list of users to include in the sharing.
2. A user (registrar, clerk, recorder) selects participants, enters the 
   description, the due date, and the total amount of the shared expense.
   -   The system provides a summary of shared expense to keep track.
3. The user (registrar, clerk, recorder) accept registering the shared expense.
   -   The system creates the expense with its description, total amount and 
       due date; and it creates each user's share of the shared expense.

Postconditions: 

Variations    :
2a. The registrar doesn't enter the total amount.
    -  The system creates the expense with its description and total amount;
       and it creates each user's share of the shared expense.
2b. The registrar doesn't enter the due date.
    -  The system creates the expense with its description, and total amount;
       and it creates each user's share of the shared expense.
2c. The registrar doesn't enter the total amount neither the due date.
    -  The system creates the expense with its description only and it creates
       each user's share of the shared expense.
3a. The registrar doesn't accept registering the shared expense.
    -  the use case ends

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Use case      : Register shared expense payment
User intent   : A user want to register a shared expense payment to be able to
                track debts and credits between participants.
Preconditions : There's more than one user registered in the system.

1. A user (payer) wants to register a payment.
   -   The system provides an option to create a new expense to be paid
       inmidiately.
   -   The system provides a list of unpaid expenses to pay.
2. The user (payer) selects to pay an existant full unpaid expense.
   2.1 The system provides a summary of the payment: payer, payee(s), expense
       description, total amount of the expense.
   2.2 The system asks the payer if it is a full or partial payment.
3. The payer answers: full payment
   -   The system asks the payer how to split the expense among payees: equally
       or customized.
4. The user (payer) accept registering the payment dividing equally the shared
   expense among participants.
   -   The system registers the payment for the expense with date and time and
       the amount.
   -.1 The system splits equally the amount of the expense among payees
   -.2 The system registers the share of each payee in the sharing, and
       registers the payment with current date and time.

Postconditions:

Variations    :
3a. The total amount is not equally divisible between participants.
    -
3b. The payer makes a partial paymnt.
    -
3c. The expense is custom divided among payees.
    -


